Loose ideas:
	Leaders get multiple tiers of ability, party "formation" determines
	whether you get low-tier abilities from multiple leaders or multiple
	abilities from one.

	Use PoE-like functional-currency. Dungeon-like things drop Story Elements.
	You can use them in parties, or you can Critique them. Critiqueing an
	element gives you author-XP and also produces Tropes and possibly other
	materials. All materials can be used either to advance Elements or as
	dungeon consumeables. So for instance, Fantasy Essence (name?) would
	either give XP to an element (more to a fantasy-aligned one), *or* produce
	healing or damage or something if you use it while in a dungeon. Obviously
	in the long run you benefit more overall from using them to advance
	things, but in some cases you might get more benefit right now from
	completing a given dungeon.

	Tropes/Pacing:
		Tropes cost a resource (pacing, aka mana). Initial cost is usually
		large. Every turn, decays by one. (One per type, if multiple types.)
		Minimum cost one-per-type (but zero for unused types).

		Every character has a ready-to-activate state, which comes from
		a turn on which they don't use their trope.

		If you do not attack, you generate one pacing of your primary type.
		
		Some characters may generate additional pacing.

		If you use a trope, it resets to half its original cost and then
		decays normally.

		If you generate pacing and are capped, your trope decays in cost
		an extra point.

		Consumable tropes don't participate in this, except maybe they reset
		the costs of other tropes.

	Health: Maybe you should get temp hit points from enemies or something?

	Possibly party "role" slots determining damage/healing/hp allocation?

	Limit operations by something other than time:
		# of swaps?
		distance drawn?
		something like "action points"?

	Party roles:
		author (special author traits)
		protagonist (1-3 traits)
		antagonist (1-2 traits)
		bit players (no traits)

		A single slot can have more than one role. Author-only slot does
		not contribute combat stats.

		Parties can have up to 6 slots, but some will have fewer.

	Element Slots:
		protagonist, antagonist, author, character

	Formations:
		Anecdote: Single character, author/protagonist/character (1 trait)
		Collaboration: 2 authors, 1 protagonist/character (2 trait)
		Mary Sue: Single author/protagonist (3 trait), plus bit players

		Some formations should have guest slots which some characters can
		populate using a trope. (Chandler's Law: Add a guy with a gun.)

	Stats:
		attack (genre)
		defense (genre)
		health (genre) => call "inspiration" (enemy damage "word count"?)
		tropes (active or passive)

		flagged stats:
			protagonist
			antagonist
			character
			narrator
			support
		protagonist traits (up to 3)
		antagonist traits (up to 2)
		author trait (?)

	Recovery:
		There's no heart orbs. Instead, recovery happens through passives or
		tropes. But the default is, no recovery.

	Party:
		"cast"
		-- elements slots with flags on them

	Genres:
		romance (heart, red)
		fantasy (wizard's hat, orange)
		action (explosion, yellow)
		scifi (atom, green)
		crime (dagger blue)
		gothic (bat, purple)

	Tones:
		exciting/cozy
		tragic/comic
		mythic/mundane
	
	Defense:
		dmg = dmg / (pow(2, defense/damage))
		shielding of some sort (presumably pre-defense)
